# CodeFundo2019
Submission for the Microsoft Codefundo project 2019

Creation of a portal for secure voting and voter identification which allows for maximum outreach and informed decisions. Consolidated data regarding each voters' constituency and its corresponding candidates is provided to further assist the process of adequate representation of the voters' perspective and views. The process of voting online is based on the creation of a separate transaction for every vote, while creating an  immutable data set which thereby on encrypting can be made secure. It also cross verifies government issued unique identity numbers to allow seamless integration of the new voters to the system. According to the data sets available , we would be looking into the candidates' experience and 
Its corresponding history in the particular area. Also, data regarding party agendas and achievements to create an unbiased opinion regarding any political avenue. Hence decreasing mis-information and miscommunication. 
We would like to achieve all the above mentioned tasks with regard to a user perspective. We would enable the users with facilities like secure and encrypted online voting (using blockchains) , registration of new users and retrieval of missing information. These features would ultimately reduce a lot of man power and allow for automation of processes such as counting of votes and creating basic statistical data which otherwise would involve a lot of resources. Further more we would also allow the voters to access the candidates' history such as previous experiences and activities, alongside party agendas which would enable the users to create an unbiased opinion , and have a clear open mind while voting.
